Update input_step.md (#2365)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/input_step.md

<a class="Docs__example-repo" href="https://github.com/buildkite/input-step-example"><span class="detail">:pipeline: Input Step Example Pipeline</span> <span class="repo">github.com/buildkite/input-step-example</span></a>

> >📘 Input step should not be used to store sensitive information like secrets.

Reviewer: I think we should use the warning format for this, and separate out a title from the body text. In the body, it would be good to add the reason why you shouldn't do this. Please correct this, but thinking something like:

```suggestion
>🚧 Don't store sensitive data in input steps
> You shouldn't use input steps to store sensitive information like secrets because the data is available in subsequent steps.
```

Author: @mbelton-buildkite Updated with suggestion but with slight modification to see data will be stored in build metadata
